 I don't want this guy to come in for my cell phone plan so don't grab a win excuse to avoid doing your fucking job because I want you to resolve this issue once and for all. I have been calling every fucking day to ring a fucking home off and nobody there has been competent enough to help me out. But then, three days ago, one of your little trend liars picked my call and told me that he was going to coordinate a technical visit to resolve my problem and that I was not going to be charged at all during the next month to my comfort and convenience that you have caused me. I know you can see me right now but I'm doing the air co-zino saying all that crap because that's what it is. I can't deny it. The fellow has the gift of gap. He even sought me kneeling beautifully but he gave nothing but a near fuck man. I was even willing to leave my wife and run away with the guy but now I feel like he led me. Stunning all the alter-olders down because he didn't do a shit for me and my problem it has if he resolved yet. I don't know what you're going to do but I need my internet back at the very latest today. Okay? Oh, I'm sorry to hear that sir. No, no, no, no. I don't want you to whore's waddle me. I've heard the same old song every time I call you homies. I have need to be playing for it nine or watching Parano. If you take my internet away from me, what I'm also supposed to do. This is because I'm black and you don't want my fee for money, do you? Sir, I cannot assure you that our company's policy is taking clear stand against the race season and we're by no means authorized to refuse given technical support to any customer. I'm ordering your disaster in a terrible mistake from our end and I'm going to resolve your issue immediately. But to do so, I need you to tell me your full name and subscribe or number to give you a proper response. Okay, my name is your cover and my fucking subscriber number is 899-241. You got it. Thanks Mr. Calco. It says here that you reported this incident multiple times. The only downside here is that our fiber optic cable and subbuyer hasn't been able to report a cable in time. Since then we have been trying to get the item from a different supplier but they don't have it in stock. So this has been particularly difficult in this case because the municipality is the one supposed pay for damage since this was caused by one of its garbage trucks that can't get my inner back. Your job is to make me happy and exchange for my dog but your feeling so badly. But of course, you don't give a rat's ass if I need to play my fourth night or watch my porn though. But get wet. I don't deserve for less. I'm going to take my ass back to my former inner supplier and that's it. So sorry to hear that Mr. Calco but please don't vent your escape. I'm trying my best and there is no need for healing at me. Please be for living. I'd like to let you know that during our conversation I coordinated the nearest technicians in your area and they are on their way to your home to resolve your issue briefly. Plus a compensation for all the trouble we have caused you we are going to upgrade your plan from 60 MBPS to 150 MBPS for free. Besides we are not going to charge you for the next four months since you have birthed to be a loyal customer. Does that sound okay to you sir? Okay. That sounds good. But at this point I'm a doubted thomas. Until I don't put my finger into the print of the nails and thrust my hand into his eye I will not believe.