 Hi, thank you for calling home supplies. This is Candice. How may I help you? Order number one two three four five six full name Amber Hill Thank you. Give me one moment please so I can pull up your account Okay, I got your order here and it was for a convection oven for a hundred and twenty nine dollars. Is this correct? Yes, correct Except that you guys sent me a cutting board. Oh, I am so sorry. No, no, no, no, no Let me finish Don't give me your sorry for this inconvenience bull Because this is not an inconvenience Candice. This is a disaster. I am upset. I waited one long week One long week and you guys sent me a cutting board. I mean, how would you even explain that Candice? I wish I even explained that that someone from your shipping department could mistake a piece of cutting board for an oven That's what I'd like to know because because I can see how it's my son's birthday this Thursday And I need that oven to bake his cake. It is now Monday and I have no oven But hey, I guess that's okay, right because I have a cutting board Amber, I truly understand how frustrating this is for you. I truly do I do I know that our shipping department tries to their best to keep the orders as accurate as possible But on very rare occasions this kind of mistake happens from time to time and I am so sorry that this happened to you Of course, this is not an excuse and a mistake is a mistake And right now what I can do is to help you resolve this issue Well, they shouldn't have done that to me. It's for my son's birthday and a cutting board for an oven I mean, I mean I can understand if you send me an oven with a wrong model number, but a cutting board Seriously, I don't know about you, but this smells like a practical joke to me I assure you Amber what happened was an honest mistake We would never do that to our customers on purpose Um, of course you really should have received precisely what you ordered and we failed on that and for that I am truly sorry The best thing that I can do for you now is to make sure that this gets resolved as soon as possible Well, I don't really have a choice do I so get on with it. Okay, so if I heard you right your son's birthday is this coming Thursday, right? Yes, that's right. All right. Here's what I'm gonna do Because you received the wrong item I will request to have the correct item sent out to you within 24 business hours So if if we send it to you today, you should receive the oven before your son's birthday on Thursday All I need from you to make that happen is the photo of the wrong item You received along with the photo of the barcode Is it possible that you could send to me while we're on the line so I could already process the shipment for you? I can send you the photo, but um, let me ask you this What guarantee do I have that your company is not gonna mess up again Because my purpose really for calling you guys is to just get a refund I really just want to order from amazon because they have a one-day shipping Uh, no offense can this but because of what you sent to me I'm just not confident enough with your company anymore Good point Ember and I understand your doubt But when we encounter this kind of issue where a customer receives a damaged item or as in your case a wrong item We always make sure to handle the matter with extra care so there would be no second mistake No, no chance for a second mistake happening So that is why aside from the 24 hour shipping we will also do a thorough recheck of the Re-shipment so I can definitely assure you that it's going to be the correct item this time Well, okay, I guess I'm just gonna have to give you another shot So where do I send the photos to? You can send it to support at homesupplies.com Okay, hold on Let me go get my phone because I already took a photo of the cutting board yesterday. So I should have it on my phone right here. I'm hold on Okay, so that's support at homesupplies.com Okay Sent Can you see it? Okay, let me check Okay, yes, I got it By the way amber do you also have the photo of the barcode of the cutting board? Is that really necessary? I'm not lying. Yes amber. I would need it to have your re-shipment approved as soon as possible After that we will ship the oven to you immediately and you should receive it within 24 hours Okay, let me go upstairs and take a photo. Can you hold? Sure take your time two minutes later. Hello. Are you there? Yes amber. I'm here I've sent it. Did you get it? Yes, I got it So now I will forward the photos to the re-shipment team and you should receive the oven tomorrow About the the cutting board you receive you don't have to return it Just feel free to keep it keep it or give it away. Oh good I totally forgot to ask you about that. So thank you Candace. I really don't want to drive to the post just to return that so All right, um, I guess it's all good then all settled Yeah, yes all you have to do now is to wait for the replacement to arrive tomorrow and we will take care of everything And again, we are so sorry for this mistake Well as long as the oven arrives tomorrow, I am happy Thank you Candace. You've been very patient You're most welcome amber. Is there anything else that I can help you with today? No, that's all you have a great day Candace. Bye Have a great day amber. Thank you for calling home supplies. Bye