 Hi, it's Pat. Can I help you? Well, not really. Okay. Is this Brandy? Does anybody on the line that he'd help? No, is this Brandy? Yeah. Yeah, hi, it's Pat. They asked me to talk with you. And apparently you're not going to get your order from Wilson Art. Does that make sense? Hi, Pat. When you expected it. Well, yeah, since I paid $350 today to get in here and now I'm stuck without a kitchen for another week. Right. There's not a whole bunch I can do. I can certainly refund you the shipping charges. But it looks like it's not going to be delivered until Tuesday. And everything it are, and it's just one of those things that happen. Our invoice, everything says it was shipped three day, but apparently Wilson Art. Somewhere out in the warehouse, they just shipped it ground. But can you know what? I don't need you to get on the line and give me another excuse. I mean, I'm just telling you reality, ma'am. Oh, I know what reality is. Yeah. What you're saying is, sorry, we're not accountable for what we sell. I just don't know. We'll take your $350, but you know, when it messes up, reality is, it's nobody's fault. No, it's the shipping department's fault. I mean, it's not, you know, we don't physically go out there and package each one ourselves. I mean, we have departments. Wait a second. And life can happen. I mean, it does happen. You bet it happens. But you know what? You need to take accountability. Did you advertise the product and did you collect the $350 to have it shipped? You can refuse the order, ma'am. If you'd like to just refuse it, and that's about the only thing I can offer. I mean, I definitely will not charge you for the freight on the order. I would hope not. Well, yeah, I just offered that. So it's not a whole thing. It's a fact on that. And if that's, you know, that's the best I can offer on that. You can, you always have the option to refuse in it. I do apologize. And, you know, I'm taking responsibility for it. I mean, what else can I do? Well, you just got done saying that it was somebody else's fault, and that's reality. That's exactly what you said. It's somebody else's fault, and that's reality. Okay. If that's what you want to look at. You don't know if I was, if I own the business and I messed up like this, I would not get on the phone and start placing blame elsewhere. Okay. I wouldn't. Okay. What do you want me to do? And that's exactly what's with, wrong with America. That's right. You did it on it. I didn't own what. They just hand me these things. It's just a fact. Did you sell the product? Absolutely. Absolutely. And then we try to compensate you for it. What? Do you want the product? Well, I don't know. I don't know. I have to go find this weekend. Do you? Does that even make it better? No, it doesn't. I'm sure it doesn't. No, it doesn't. I have three kids and no kitchen. You think anything you have to offer me right now is going to make it better? Fuck you. Are you still there?